BZ2033449: Configuring FIFO priority scheduling for PTP hardware (#39936)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ptp-configuring-linuxptp-services-as-boundary-clock.adoc

<7> The interface name to synchronize from.
<8> The interface to synchronize devices connected to the interface.
<9> Specify system config options for the `phc2sys` service, for example `-a -r`. If this field is empty the PTP Operator does not start the `phc2sys` service.

> <10> Scheduling policy for ptp4l and phc2sys processes. Default value is `SCHED_OTHER`. Use `SCHED_FIFO` on systems that support FIFO scheduling.

Reviewer: I suggest using backticks for the process names here (`ptp4l` and `phc2sys`).

<11> Integer value from 1-65 used to set FIFO priority for `ptp4l` and `phc2sys` processes. Required if `SCHED_FIFO` is set for `ptpSchedulingPolicy`.

> <12> Specify an array of one or more `recommend` objects which define rules on how the `profile` should be applied to nodes.

Reviewer: ISG: Use "which", preceded by a comma, to introduce a nonrestrictive clause. Use "that", without a comma, to introduce a restrictive clause.
```suggestion
<12> Specify an array of one or more `recommend` objects that define rules on how the `profile` object should be applied to nodes.
```
